DROOLS-6880 DOC Make dtables to work only with .drl.xls extension (#5091)
kiegroup/drools: drools-docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes/index.adoc

`drools-mvel` is now deprecated in favor of the executable model. It also means `drools-engine` is recommended instead of deprecated `drools-engine-classic` that contains `drools-mvel`. You can still use MVEL syntax in your rules, so it doesn't affect how to write rules.

=== Spreadsheet decision tables file extensions

> To ensure only files containing Drools decision tables are actually processed for rules compilation, file extension must end in either `.drl.xls`, `.drl.xlsx`, or `.drl.csv`. For example: `rules.drl.xls` is a valid extension and will be included for rule compilation when found in a KJAR based project.

Author: ```suggestion
All the files with `.xls`, `.xlsx` and `.csv` extensions were considered and parsed as decision tables. In general, this was a too strong assumption, breaking projects containing random excel files that are not decision tables and generating artificial compile-time errors. To prevent such problems the filename extension policy has been changed, considering and processing files as decision tables only if their extension is prepended with `.drl`. In other words, **only** files with `.drl.xls`, `.drl.xlsx`, and `.drl.csv` extensions will now be compiled as decision tables. For example: `rules.drl.xls` is a valid extension and will be included for rule compilation when found in a KJAR based project.
```

> All the files with `.xls`, `.xlsx` and `.csv` extensions were considered and parsed as decision tables. In general, this was a too strong assumption, breaking projects containing random excel files that are not decision tables and generating artificial compile-time errors. To prevent such problems the filename extension policy has been changed, considering and processing files as decision tables only if their extension is prepended with `.drl`. In other words, **only** files with `.drl.xls`, `.drl.xlsx`, and `.drl.csv` extensions will now be compiled as decision tables. For example: `rules.drl.xls` is a valid extension and will be included for rule compilation when found in a KJAR based project.

Author: Taken from Kogito with slight adaptations.
